---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_static_secret Data Source - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Static secret data source
---

# akeyless_static_secret (Data Source)

Static secret data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "akeyless_static_secret" "secret" {
  path = "terraform/MyFirstSecret"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `path` (String) The path where the secret is stored. Defaults to the latest version.

### Optional

- `ignore_cache` (String) Retrieve the Secret value without checking the Gateway's cache [true/false]
- `version` (Number) The version of the secret.

### Read-Only

- `custom_field` (Map of String, Sensitive) Additional custom fields to associate with the item (e.g fieldName1=value1) (relevant only for type 'password')
- `format` (String) StaticSecretFormat defines the format of static secret (e.g. Text)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inject_url` (Set of String) List of URLs associated with the item (relevant only for type 'password')
- `key_value_pairs` (Map of String, Sensitive) The key value pairs for key/value secrets.
- `max_versions` (Number) The maximum number of versions to keep for the secret.
- `notify_on_change_event` (Boolean) Whether to send notifications on secret change events.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password value (relevant only for type 'password')
- `password_security_info` (List of Object) Password security information (relevant only for type 'password') (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_security_info))
- `username` (String) Username value (relevant only for type 'password')
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The secret contents.

<a id="nestedatt--password_security_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_security_info`

Read-Only:

- `breach_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--password_security_info--breach_info))
- `score_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--password_security_info--score_info))

<a id="nestedobjatt--password_security_info--breach_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_security_info.breach_info`

Read-Only:

- `breach_check_date` (String)
- `breach_count` (Number)
- `breach_suggestions` (List of String)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--password_security_info--score_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_security_info.score_info`

Read-Only:

- `score` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `suggestions` (List of String)


