---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_auth_method_cert Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cert Auth Method Resource
---

# akeyless_auth_method_cert (Resource)

Cert Auth Method Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Auth Method name
- `unique_identifier` (String) A unique identifier (ID) value should be configured, such as common_name or organizational_unit Whenever a user logs in with a token, these authentication types issue a "sub claim" that contains details uniquely identifying that user. This sub claim includes a key containing the ID value that you configured, and is used to distinguish between different users from within the same organization.

### Optional

- `access_expires` (Number) Access expiration date in Unix timestamp (select 0 for access without expiry date)
- `allowed_client_type` (Set of String) limit the auth method usage for specific client types [cli,ui,gateway-admin,sdk,mobile,extension]
- `allowed_cors` (String) Comma separated list of allowed CORS domains to be validated as part of the authentication flow.
- `audit_logs_claims` (Set of String) Subclaims to include in audit logs, e.g "--audit-logs-claims email --audit-logs-claims username"
- `bound_common_names` (Set of String) A list of names. At least one must exist in the Common Name. Supports globbing.
- `bound_dns_sans` (Set of String) A list of DNS names. At least one must exist in the SANs. Supports globbing.
- `bound_email_sans` (Set of String) A list of Email Addresses. At least one must exist in the SANs. Supports globbing.
- `bound_extensions` (Set of String) A list of extensions formatted as 'oid:value'. Expects the extension value to be some type of ASN1 encoded string. All values much match. Supports globbing on 'value'.
- `bound_ips` (Set of String) A CIDR whitelist with the IPs that the access is restricted to
- `bound_organizational_units` (Set of String) A list of Organizational Units names. At least one must exist in the OU field.
- `bound_uri_sans` (Set of String) A list of URIs. At least one must exist in the SANs. Supports globbing.
- `certificate_data` (String) The certificate data in base64, if no file was provided
- `delete_protection` (String) Protection from accidental deletion of this object [true/false]
- `description` (String) Auth Method description
- `expiration_event_in` (Set of String) How many days before the expiration of the auth method would you like to be notified.
- `force_sub_claims` (Boolean) if true: enforce role-association must include sub claims
- `gw_bound_ips` (Set of String) A CIDR whitelist with the GW IPs that the access is restricted to
- `jwt_ttl` (Number) Jwt TTL
- `product_type` (Set of String) Choose the relevant product type for the auth method [sm, sra, pm, dp, ca]
- `revoked_cert_ids` (Set of String) A list of revoked cert ids

### Read-Only

- `access_id` (String) Auth Method access ID
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


