---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_auth_method_gcp Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GCE Auth Method Resource
---

# akeyless_auth_method_gcp (Resource)

GCE Auth Method Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Auth Method name
- `type` (String) Type of the GCP Access Rules

### Optional

- `access_expires` (Number) Access expiration date in Unix timestamp (select 0 for access without expiry date)
- `allowed_client_type` (Set of String) limit the auth method usage for specific client types [cli,ui,gateway-admin,sdk,mobile,extension]
- `audience` (String) The audience to verify in the JWT received by the client
- `audit_logs_claims` (Set of String) Subclaims to include in audit logs, e.g "--audit-logs-claims email --audit-logs-claims username"
- `bound_ips` (Set of String) A CIDR whitelist with the IPs that the access is restricted to
- `bound_labels` (Set of String) A comma-separated list of GCP labels formatted as "key:value" strings that must be set on authorized GCE instances. TODO: Because GCP labels are not currently ACL'd ....
- `bound_projects` (Set of String) === Human and Machine authentication section === Array of GCP project IDs. Only entities belonging to any of the provided projects can authenticate.
- `bound_regions` (Set of String) List of regions that a GCE instance must belong to in order to be authenticated. TODO: If bound_instance_groups is provided, it is assumed to be a regional group and the group must belong to this region. If bound_zones are provided, this attribute is ignored.
- `bound_service_accounts` (Set of String) List of service accounts the service account must be part of in order to be authenticated.
- `bound_zones` (Set of String) === Machine authentication section === List of zones that a GCE instance must belong to in order to be authenticated. TODO: If bound_instance_groups is provided, it is assumed to be a zonal group and the group must belong to this zone.
- `delete_protection` (String) Protection from accidental deletion of this object [true/false]
- `description` (String) Auth Method description
- `expiration_event_in` (Set of String) How many days before the expiration of the auth method would you like to be notified.
- `force_sub_claims` (Boolean) if true: enforce role-association must include sub claims
- `gw_bound_ips` (Set of String) A CIDR whitelist with the GW IPs that the access is restricted to
- `jwt_ttl` (Number) Jwt TTL
- `product_type` (Set of String) Choose the relevant product type for the auth method [sm, sra, pm, dp, ca]
- `service_account_creds_data` (String) ServiceAccount credentials data instead of giving a file path, base64 encoded
- `unique_identifier` (String) A unique identifier (ID) value which is a "sub claim" name that contains details uniquely identifying that resource. This "sub claim" is used to distinguish between different identities.

### Read-Only

- `access_id` (String) Auth Method access ID
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


