---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_classic_key Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Classic Key resource
---

# akeyless_classic_key (Resource)

Classic Key resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alg` (String) Classic Key type; options: [AES128GCM, AES256GCM, AES128SIV, AES256SIV, AES128CBC, AES256CBC, RSA1024, RSA2048, RSA3072, RSA4096, EC256, EC384, GPG]
- `name` (String) Classic key name

### Optional

- `auto_rotate` (String) Whether to automatically rotate every rotation_interval days, or disable existing automatic rotation [true/false]
- `cert_file_data` (String) Certificate in a PEM format.
- `certificate_common_name` (String) Common name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_country` (String) Country name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_digest_algo` (String) Digest algorithm to be used for the certificate key signing.
- `certificate_format` (String) The format of the returned certificate [pem/der]
- `certificate_locality` (String) Locality for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_organization` (String) Organization name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_province` (String) Province name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_ttl` (Number) TTL in days for the generated certificate. Required only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `conf_file_data` (String) The csr config data in base64 encoding
- `delete_protection` (String) Protection from accidental deletion of this object [true/false]
- `description` (String) Description of the object
- `expiration_event_in` (Set of String) How many days before the expiration of the certificate would you like to be notified.
- `generate_self_signed_certificate` (Boolean) Whether to generate a self signed certificate with the key. If set, --certificate-ttl must be provided.
- `gpg_alg` (String) gpg alg: Relevant only if GPG key type selected; options: [RSA1024, RSA2048, RSA3072, RSA4096, Ed25519]
- `hash_algorithm` (String) Specifies the hash algorithm used for the encryption key's operations, available options: [SHA256, SHA384, SHA512]
- `item_custom_fields` (Map of String) Additional custom fields to associate with the item
- `key_data` (String, Sensitive) Base64-encoded classic key value
- `protection_key_name` (String) The name of a key that used to encrypt the secret value (if empty, the account default protectionKey key will be used)
- `rotation_event_in` (Set of String) How many days before the rotation of the item would you like to be notified
- `rotation_interval` (String) The number of days to wait between every automatic rotation (1-365)
- `tags` (Set of String) Add tags attached to this object

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


